    *JavaSCRIPT EVENTS*


Note: Web events are not part of the core JavaScript language — they are defined as part of the APIs built into the browser.

*source: https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Learn/JavaScript/Building_blocks/Events

*Events are things that happen in the system you are
 programming, which the system tells you about so your code can react to them.
 For example, if the user clicks a button on a webpage, you might want to react
  to that action by displaying an information box.

*What is an event?
-Events are things that happen in the system you are programming — the system produces (or "fires") 
 a signal of some kind when an event occurs, and provides a mechanism by which an action can be
 automatically taken (that is, some code running) when the event occurs. Events are fired inside 
 the browser window, and tend to be attached to a specific item that resides in it. This might
 be a single element, a set of elements, the HTML document loaded in the current tab, or the 
 entire browser window. 
 
*There are many different types of events that can occur.
For example:
1-The user selects, clicks, or hovers the cursor over a certain element.
2-The user chooses a key on the keyboard.
3-The user resizes or closes the browser window.
4-A web page finishes loading.
5-A form is submitted.
6-A video is played, paused, or ends.
7-An error occurs.


You can gather from this (and from glancing at the MDN event reference) that there are a lot of events that can be fired.

To react to an event, you attach an event handler to it. This is a block of code (usually 
a JavaScript function that you as a programmer create) that runs when the event fires.

 When such a block of code is defined to run in response to an event, we say we are registering 
an event handler. Note: Event handlers are sometimes called event listeners — they are pretty 
much interchangeable for our purposes, although strictly speaking, they work together. 
The listener listens out for the event happening, and the handler is the code that is run in response to it happening.
